{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Date: March 16th, 2016\
Author: Daniel Wang\
\
Log\
\
Loading Page:\
\'97loading circle with dots\
\'97loading text with css3 animation\
\'97The page will automatically jump to welcome.html after 5.1 seconds (once the drawing is finished)\
\'97The current transition between pages are quite sharp. M trying to make it smoother.\
\'97add a loading percentage? (just a fake one)\
\
Welcome Page:\
\'97\'93Welcome to MC Corporation\'94, CSS3\
\'97mc logo (hope you like it\'85)\
\'97M trying to make a button in bootstrap but use CSS to enhance it. I couldn\'92t figure out the relationship, I\'92ll update as soon as I figure out\
\'97Button will display \'93Enter\'94, with animation effect on hover. Link button, click to enter homepage\
\'97The page now automatically jumps to homepage.html after 7 seconds, will delete once button is complete\
\
Homepage:\
\'97Nabber with active color. Changed the default color of nabber. Text color and tab color changes when hover. \
\'97mc Logo upper left corner\
\'97Home button\
\'97Generalized 3 games into a dropdown menu \'93game\'94\
\'97I\'92m working on the credit page, no link yet\
\'97added contact page, not yet completed. Display contact information of our team, with social media (fb, twitter, etc)\
\'97Right aligned drop down menu is for user info. Still working on it. Dropdown menu may change\
\'97M not quite satisfied with the current background, if there\'92s a better one the color code for navbar is #907979, they are all in style section\
\'97M trying to find an animated picture for the 3 games so that when user mouseover it, the static image become animated. \
\'97Will add the 3 games later. \
\
}